# neon-cli: 18.08-alpha.1

## Changes

This is a major development release including major **BREAKING** changes to all librares as well as **neon-cli** and hive services.  You will need to redeploy all hives.

The list below includes the highlights:

* NetHelper.ModifyLocalHosts() can now manage multiple sections of hostnames.
* Updated many NuGet packages.
* PowerDNS deployment improvements including proactively wiping/reloading the cache to improve unit test speed and reliability.
* **neon-proxy-manager:** Use `http-keep-alive` mode to improve client latency.
* **haproxy**: Upgraded to `1.8.13` because older version was pegging the CPU.
* Major refactoring around hive names, URLs and certificates.
* Consul TLS is enabled.
* Vault dashboard (raw) enabled
* Dashboards now hardcoded to launch in Microsoft Edge due to Firefox certificate trust issues.
* Relocated the HyperV management classes from **Neon.Hive** to a new **Neon.HyperV** assembly.
* Relocated the XenServer management classes from **Neon.Hive** to a new **Neon.Xen** assembly.
* **neon-vault-proxy** now performs HAProxy HTTP checks to identify the Vault leader rather than performing a script based external health check.
* Load balancer rules have been refactored to:
   * allow TCP health checks for HTTP backends and HTTP health checks for TCP backends.
   * enable or disable TLS health check connections.
* Ceph [mimic] release is now installed by default.

## Upgrade Steps

You'll need to perform the following steps to upgrade successfully:

1. Delete all existing hive login files at: C:\Users\jeff\AppData\Local\neonFORGE\neonhive\logins

2. Manually edit and remove any temporary sections in: C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts

3. Redeploy all hives.

4. 
