# Components

* **neon-cli:** Updated to *18.08-preview.1*
* **libraries:** Updated to *7.0.0-preview.1*

## Changes

This is a major development release including major **BREAKING** changes to all librares as well as **neon-cli** and hive services.  You will need to redeploy all hives.

The list below includes the highlights:

* NetHelper.ModifyLocalHosts() can now manage multiple sections of hostnames.
* Updated many NuGet packages.
* PowerDNS deployment improvements including proactively wiping/reloading the cache to improve unit test speed and reliability.
* **neon-proxy-manager:** Use `http-keep-alive` mode to improve client latency.
* **haproxy**: Upgraded to `1.8.13` because older version was pegging the CPU.
* Major refactoring around hive names, URLs and certificates.
* Consul TLS is enabled.
* Vault dashboard (raw) enabled
* Dashboards now hardcoded to launch in Microsoft Edge due to Firefox certificate trust issues.
* Relocated the HyperV management classes from **Neon.Hive** to a new **Neon.HyperV** assembly.
* Relocated the XenServer management classes from **Neon.Hive** to a new **Neon.Xen** assembly.
* **neon-vault-proxy** now performs HAProxy HTTP checks to identify the Vault leader rather than performing a script based external health check.
* Load balancer rules have been refactored to:
   * allow TCP health checks for HTTP backends and HTTP health checks for TCP backends.
   * enable or disable TLS health check connections.
* Ceph [mimic] release is now installed by default.  Note that the Ceph Dashboard credentials are currently hardcoded to **sysadmin/password**.
* XenServer deployment now supports customizing the storage respositories where the virtual machine primary and Ceph OSD drives will be hosted.
* **BREAKING:** `NeonHelper.ExecuteCaptureStreams()` and `ExecuteCaptureStreamsAsync()` renamed to `ExecuteCapture()` and `ExecuteCaptureAsync()`.

## Upgrade Steps

You'll need to perform the following steps to upgrade successfully:

1. Delete all existing hive login files at: C:\Users\jeff\AppData\Local\neonFORGE\neonhive\logins

2. Manually edit and remove any temporary sections in: C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts

3. Redeploy all hives.

# Customizing XenServer Storage Repositories

This release now allows XenServer/XCP based hives to customize the storage repositories where the virtual machine's primary and Ceph OSD are created.  Both of these default to "Local storage" which is reasonable for XenServer hosts with a single drive and storage repository but for hosts with multiple drives or some kind of attached storage, you'll want to customize how the VM drives are laid out.

To do this, you'll first need to configure your XenServer hosts with one or more custom storage repositories.  This [article](https://support.citrix.com/article/CTX121313) explains how to do this.

Next, you'll need to edit your hive definition file to specify the names of the target repositories in the **XenServer** section.  This will look something like:

```
{
  "Hosting": {
    "Environment": "xenserver",
    "VmHostUsername": "$<<HIVE_XENSERVER_USERNAME>>",
    "VmHostPassword": "$<<HIVE_XENSERVER_PASSWORD>>",
    "VmNamePrefix": "jeff",
    "VmHosts": [
      {
        "Name": "WRT-00-XEN-00",
        "Address": "10.100.128.85"
      },
      {
        "Name": "WRT-00-XEN-01",
        "Address": "10.100.128.91"
      },
      {
        "Name": "WRT-00-XEN-02",
        "Address": "10.100.128.97"
      },
      {
        "Name": "WRT-00-XEN-03",
        "Address": "10.100.128.103"
      },
      {
        "Name": "WRT-00-XEN-04",
        "Address": "10.100.128.109"
      }
    ],
    "XenServer": {
      "StorageRepository": "MY-PRIMARY-REPO",
      "OsdStorageRepository": "MY-CEPH-OSD-REPO"
    }
}
```
Both of these default to **Local storage** so you can safely omit one or both of these properties.
