# Release: 18.12.0-alpha.7

## Components

* **neon-cli:** `18.12.0-alpha.7`
* **neon lib:** `18.12.0-alpha.7`

## Highlights

**Libs:** This is considered a **BREAKING** release.
**Hive:** This is a major **BREAKING** release.  All hives will need to be redeployed.


## Upgrade

Upgrading existing hives is not possible.  You'll need to redeploy.

## Library Changes

### Neon.Common

* [Neon.Common]: Removed unnecessary [Microsoft.AspNetCore] dependency.

### Neon.Hive

* **BREAKING:** Renamed `NetworkOptions.WorkerPublicAddress` to `NodePublicAddress` This is technically a breaking change but nobody is actually using this yet.
* **BREAKING:** Renamed `AzureVmCapabilities.RamSizeMB` and `EphemeralDriveGB` to `RamGiB` and ``EphemeralDriveGiB` to make it clear what the units are measuring.  I also changed `DataDriveCount` to `MaxDataDrives`.
* **BREAKING:** Relocated the `TrafficManagerTcpRule.MaxConnections` property to a new `TrafficManagerFrontend` base class.  This is a major break.  All hives will need to be redeployed.
* **BREAKING:** Renamed the misspelled **AMPQ** protocol to **AMQP**.  This impacts some constant and other definitions.
* **BREAKING:** Renamed `TrafficManager*` types to just `Traffic*`.  The shorter names are nicer.

* Added `HiveHelper.GetTempFolder()`.

### Neon.Net

* Added the `NetConst` class that defines some low-level network related constants and also added `NetHelper.ComputeMSS()`.

### Neon.Xunit

## neon-cli Changes

* [neon hive setup] no longer uses the `--machine-username` and `--machine-password` command line options so that [neon hive prepare] can customize these as required (e.g. cloud deployments need secure passwords).  Setup now picks these up from the interim hive login 
* [neon login]: Deletes the current login file when login fails.

## Hive Changes

* Azure deployment works again!
  * Azure resource group now defaults to the hive name.
  * Renamed some of the *worker...* related assets to *node...* for consistency because these also cover pets.
  * Multiple attached and RAIDed data drives are no longer supported now that Azure will soon support disk sizes of up to 32TB.  We may revisit this in the future.

* **neon-proxy-manager** changes:
  * `maxconn` settings for TCP/HTTP frontends and backends servers are supported now.
  * `mss` bind setting is now computed from `hivedef.Network.MTU`.


   