# Release: 18.10.1-alpha.4

## Components

* **neon-cli:** `18.10.1-alpha.4`
* **neon lib:** *not changed*

## Overview

This is a **BREAKING** release.

This point release adds extensive hive load balancer unit testing and related fixes.  The main problems were:

* **BREAKING:**  `LoadbalancerHttpRule.HttpsRedirect` was poorly designed and was not working properly.  This functionality is replaced by `LoadbalancerHttpFrontend.RedirectTo`.

* Rules specifying HTTP path prefixes were not working properly when caching was enabled.

## Upgrade

Run this command for all hives:

```
neon hive update
```

Then, you'll need to modify any load balancer rules that set `LoadbalancerHttpRule.HttpsRedirect=true` by:

1. Removing the `LoadbalancerHttpRule.HttpsRedirect` property.
2. Adding `LoadbalancerHttpFrontend.RedirectTo=URL` to each of the frontends for the rule where **URL** is the absolute URL where clients are to be redirected.

## Library Changes

### Neon.Common

### Neon.Docker

### Neon.Hive

### Neon.HiveMQ

### Neon.Xunit

### Neon.Xunit.Couchbase

### Neon.Xunit.Hive

* **BREAKING:** The `LoadbalancerHttpRule.HttpRedirect` property has been removed and replaced with the `LoadbalancerHttpFrontend.RedirectTo` property.

* Some `HiveFixture` load balancer related methods add the optional `deferUpdate` parameter.

### Neon.Xunit.RabbitMQ

## neon-cli Changes

* Load balancer rules will now verify that `CheckExpect` will be set to something like `status 200` rather than `string 200` when caching is enabled.

## Hive Changes

* The **docker** python module is no longer installed on hive nodes.
* Load balancer rules were incorrectly requiring something like `CheckExpect=string 200` rather than `CheckExpect=status 200`.  **neon-proxy-manager** will now use the correct defaults.
* **neon-proxy** and **neon-proxy-cache** images now wait for a random period between 0..500ms after receiving an update broadcast before actually performing the update to avoid blasting Consul for very large clusters.
* Renamed the **neon-vegomatic** service and image to just **vegomatic** since this really isn't a system component.
* **neon-registry** load balancer rule is now marked as a **system** rule.
* **/etc/hosts** now uses the node's private IP address for the node name entry instead of **127.0.1.1**.  This was preventing Vault from restarting.
