# Release: 18.11.0-alpha.5

## Components

* **neon-cli:** `18.11.0-alpha.5`
* **neon lib:** `18.11.0-alpha.5`

## Highlights

**Libs:** This is considered a **BREAKING** release due to API changes.
**Hive:** This is a **NON-BREAKING** release because existing hives can be upgraded.

### Traffic Manager

This release rebrands the *load balancer* concept to *traffic manager*.  This concept was originally termed *proxy* but I thought that was too generic and then changed it to *load balancer*.  I believe that's too generic too, especially when we add CDN and global DNS features in the future, so we're on to *traffic manager* now.  This will be the last time we rebrand this.

The **neon_load_balancer** Ansible module has been renamed to **neon_traffic_manager**.  This also supports the new **purge** state as well as the **purge_list** and **purge_case_sensitive** arguments.  This state submits one or more purge patterns from the **purge_list** that specify the content to be purged.

You can specify **ALL** to purge everything from the cache or a URL with **"\*"** or **"\*\*"** wildcards.  URLs must specify the rule frontend hostname and proxy port.

This example does a case insensitive purge all **JPG** files for the **test.com** frontend:

```
- name: test
  hosts: localhost
  tasks:
    - name: rule
      neon_traffic_manager:
        name: public
        state: purge
        purge_list:
           - http://test.com/**/*.jpg
```

This example does a case sensitive purge all **JPG** files for the **test.com** frontend:

```
- name: test
  hosts: localhost
  tasks:
    - name: rule
      neon_traffic_manager:
        name: public
        state: purge
        purge_list:
           - http://test.com/**/*.jpg
        purge_case_insensitive: true
```

This example purges all cached responses:

```
- name: test
  hosts: localhost
  tasks:
    - name: rule
      neon_traffic_manager:
        name: public
        state: purge
        purge_list:
           - ALL
```

## Upgrade

Run this command for all hives:

```
neon hive update
```

Then, you'll need to adapt to the *load balancer* --> *traffic manager* terminology changes.

1. Lots of C# symbols have changed.  You'll need to correct any references to the old names
2. Update any Ansible playbooks to replace **neon_load_balancer** module references with **neon_traffic_manager**

## Library Changes

### Neon.Common

* Added the `GlobPattern` class that converts Git `.gitignore` inspired [glob patterns](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) into regular expressions.
* Added the `NeonHelper.UnixEpoch` property.  This returns the `DateTime` for the Unix epoch: 01-01-1970 (UTC)
* Added `NeonHelper.JsonToYaml()`

### Neon.Hive

* **BREAKING:** [BREAKING: Rebrand "Load Balancer" as "Traffic Manager"](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/382)

* Added the `CommandResponse.EnsureSuccess()` method.  This throws an `ExecuteException` for non-zero exit codes.
* Added the `SshProxy.GetTime()`.  This returns to current time (UTC) on the remote machine.
* Added the `HiveProxy.GetTime()`.  This returns to current hive time (UTC) (from one of the hive managers).

### Neon.Xunit

* **BREAKING:** The `Xunit.TestHelper` class was relocated to the `Neon.Xunit` namespace to be consistent with the other test classes.

* Added the `TestHttpClient` to make it easy to disable connection reuse for load balancing tests, etc.

## neon-cli Changes

* **BREAKING:** The `neon vault` commands now require the **--** argument to separate the neon part of the command line from the Vault side.  This is consistent with other similar commands now.

* **neon_load_balancer** Ansible module has been renamed to **neon_traffic_manager**.  This also supports the new **purge** state.
* Added the **neon_docker_stack** module to replace **docker_compose**.  This is documented: [here](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/blob/master/Tools/neon-cli/Commands/Ansible/Modules/DockerStackModule.cs)

## Hive Changes

* **BREAKING:** New hives will no longer install **python-pip** and any Python modules.  These will remain on older existing hives after upgrading.

* [#383: Add Elasticsearch [proxy.cdn] index field](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/383)
* [#381: Standardize on X-Request-ID](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/381)
* [#171: Varnish: Integrate this into neon-proxy-manager](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/171)
