# Release: 18.11.1-alpha.6

## Components

* **neon-cli:** `18.11.1-alpha.6`
* **neon lib:** `18.11.1-alpha.6`

## Highlights

**Libs:** This is a **BREAKING** release due to some API name changes.
**Hive:** This is a **NON-BREAKING** release because existing hives can be upgraded.

The primary change for this release is that non-production Docker images are now persisted to the **nhivedev** organization.  We're separating production from non-production images in preparation for a public release.

This release also includes:

* The new **neon_hivemq** Ansible module.
* Lots of NuGet package upgrades.
* Some bug fixes.

## Upgrade

Run this command for all hives:

```
neon hive update
```

## Library Changes

### Neon.Hive

**BREAKING:** AS few more APIs have been renamed from `TrafficDirector` to `TrafficManager`.

## neon-cli Changes

* **BREAKING:** `neon queue` command has been renamed to `neon hive queue` and has also been changed to require the actual RabbitMQ CLI tool names.  **rabbitmqctl** and **rabbitmqadmin** are currently supported.

* **neon-cli** now uses the `--mount` option to mount host folders rather than the old `-v` option.  Perhaps this will help with this Docker: [issue](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/1560)
* Added the new **neon_hivemq** Ansible module.

## Hive Changes

[#386: [neon setup] trying to schedule proxy cache on workers when there are none](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/386)
[#359: Use a separate DockerHub organization for non-PROD images](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/359)

* Generate HAProxy configs now default to the `http-reuse: safe` option.
