# Release: 18.10.0-alpha.4

## Release version convention changes

The versioning convention has been again changed for this release, hopefully for the final time.  Here's what we'll do going forward:

* Stable, Edge and and LTS releases will continue to use the **YY.M.PATCH** convention where the month.
* Patch releases are guaranteed to be backwards compatible.
* Releases where one or both of YY or M were advanced may not be backwards compatible but we'll try very hard to avoid these issues or provide an upgrade path.
* The month field **will not** include a leading **""0""** due to NuGet issues.
* Intermediate development releases will use versions like: **YY.M.0-alpha.N** where **YY.M* specifies the actual date for the release and **N** starts at **0** and is incremented for every development release made since the Stable, Edge, or LTS release.  Intermediate releases are not generally intended for public consumption.
* Intermediate public releases are called previews.  There are types of preview release:
  * Preview of a patch release for an existing release.  This will look like **YY.M.PATCH-preview-N** where **PATCH** is the scheduled patch number and **N** starts at **0** and is incremented for every preview release for the patch.
  * Preview of an upcoming Stable, Edge, or LTS release.  These release versions will look like **YY.M.0-preview-B** where **YY.M** is the expected release month.
* If a Stable, Edge, or LTS release slips passed the scheduled release month, we'll retain the old month for up to 15 days into the next month.  Past that, we'll update **YY.M** to the actual published month.

## Components

* **neon-cli:** `18.10.0-alpha.4`
* **neon lib:** `18.10.0-alpha.4`

## Overview

This is considered a **non-breaking** release with:

* Elasticsearch rebased on OpenJDK 9/10 so that CGROUP memory limits will be honored
* RabbitMQ related enhancements:
  * `Neon.Xunit.RabbitMQ` library providing a test fixture
  * `RabbitMQFixture`: a fast Docker based test fixture
  * `HiveBus` API in `Neon.HiveMQ`: a more flexible API built on EasyMQ
* Varnish HTTP caching integrated into hive proxy architecture
* Bug fixes (see below)

Note that although there are some breaking library changes described below, it's unlikely that many users will be impacted.

## Upgrade

1. Run this command for all hives: `neon hive update`

## Proxy Caching

Proxy caching is enabled by default in this release for both the **public** and **private** networks by deploying a single instance of **neon-proxy-cache** for each network.  You can control this with via the new `Proxy` options in the hive definition (defined in the `$\Lib\Neon.Hive\Model\HiveDef\ProxyOptions.cs` file for more information).

You'll need to modify your load balancer rules to enable this for your backends via the new `Cache` settings.  Here's an example that sets `Cache.Enabled=true` to enable caching.  The `Cache.Debug` setting enables generation of debugging headers when set to `true`.

```
{
  "Frontends": [
    {
	  "Host": "happyapple.com",
      "ProxyPort": 5321
    }
  ],
  "Backends": [
    {
      "Server": "happyapple.com",
      "Port": 80
    }
  ],
  "Name": "happyapple",
  "Mode": "http",
  "Resolver": null,
  "System": false,
  "CheckExpect": "status 200",
  "CheckSeconds": 10,
  "Cache": {
	"Enabled": true,
	"Debug": true,
	"WarmTargets": [
	  {
	    "Uri": "http://happapple.com/"
	  }
	]
  }
}
```

These changes are also supported by the Ansible **neon_load_balancer** module.

## Library Changes

### Neon.Common

* **BREAKING:** Relocated classes to the `Neon.Tasks` namespace: `AsyncAutoResetEvent`, `AsyncManualResetEvent`, `AsyncMutex`, `AsyncReaderWriterLock`.

* Added the `NeonHelper.OsDescription` and `FrameworkDescription` properties.
* Added the `NeonHelper.GetEntryAssemblyPath()` method.
* Added the `AsyncPeriodicTask` class.
* Added the `NeonHelper.Fork()` method to fork a process without waiting for it to exit.

### Neon.Docker

**Neon.Docker**: Added optional `CancellationToken` parameters to async methods.

### Neon.Hive

**BREAKING:** `DnsHostsManager` class renamed to `DnsManager` and `HiveProxy.DnsHosts` property renamed to just `Dns` in keeping with the "hive DNS" terminology change.  This is unlikely to impact anyone.
**BREAKING:** `GlobalsManager.TryGetJson()` renamed to `TryGetObject()` and `SetJson()` renamed to `Set()`.  This is unlikely to impact anyone.
**BREAKING:** [#80 Consul distributed locks don't work as expected](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/80).  This is unlikely to impact anyone.

**Neon.Hive:** Added the `LoadBalancerRule.Normalize(bool)` method to fix change detection in unit tests.
**Neon.Hive:** `SshProxy.InvokeIdempotentAction()` methods now return a boolean indicating whether the action was invoked.
**Neon.Hive:** Load balancer rules can now specify timeouts and health check intervals to override the defaults.
**Neon.Hive:** `LoadBalancerHttpRule` adds the `Cache` property to control site caching.

### Neon.HiveMQ

* The `HiveBus` API now ensures that each queue create has at least one message consumer so that queue auto delete will work.

### Neon.Xunit

**BREAKING: Neon.Xunit.Hive:** Renamed `includeCore` parameter to `includeSystem` to test fixtures for consistency.  This is unlikely to impact anyone.

**Neon.Xunit:** `ContainerFixture.RunContainer()` now pulls the container image first.
**Neon.Xunit:** `DockerFixture.Reset()` ensures that all stacks are removed before resetting swarm mode to prevent orphaned networks.

### Neon.Xunit.Couchbase

**BREAKING: Neon.Xunit.Couchbase:** Renamed `CouchbaseFixture.Flush()` to `Clear()`.  This is unlikely to impact anyone.

### Neon.Xunit.RabbitMQ

**Neon.Xunit.RabbitMQ:** Published this new library to enable fast RabbitMQ based unit tests.  `RabbitMQFixture` is the new test fixture.
**Neon.Xunit.RabbitMQ:** [#361 Basic RabbitMQ client API](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/361)

## neon-cli Changes

* **BREAKING:** Ansible [neon-load-balancer] module no longer allows the **force** argument (the breaking change).  Also, it now supports the **update** state and **defer_update** arguments so that playbooks that make multiple changes can avoid thrashing the proxy manager and all proxies for each individual change.

* Renamed Command: [neon loadbalancer|lb * deploy] --> [neon loadbalancer|lb * update]
# New Command:  [neon loadalancer|lb * varnish] to display the Varnish-Cache configuration.

## Hive Changes

* [#340 [neon_docker_login] Ansible module setting wrong [.docker/config.conf] file permissions](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/340)
* [#342 [log-collector]: Strip port from [proxy.http_host] log fields](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/342)
* [#350 [log-collector]: Add generic text and numeric fields to the Elasticsearch logstash index](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/350)
* [#352 Upgrade Elasticsearch images to OpenJDK 10](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/352)
* [#357 OpenJDK: Use the official images and delete [nhive/openjdk]](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/357)
* [#360 Implement RabbitMQ test container and unit test fixture](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/360)

* **neon-hive-manager** now periodically broadcasts HiveMQ messages that signal to **neon-proxy-manager** that it should attempt to regenerate the proxy/bridge configurations.  `neon-cli` will also broadcast this signal whenever load balancer rules or TLS certificates are changed.  This replaces the old polling behavior.
* **neon-hive-manager** changed some of its Consul settings keys.  This should not impact any existing hives because **neon-hive-manager** will fallback to defaults.

* **neon-proxy-public** and **neon-proxy-private** services now accept the `MAX_HAPROXY_COUNT` environment variable to limit the number of gracefully terminating HAProxy instances.  This defaults to 10 (use 0 to disable).  The oldest terminating instance will be killed when this is exceeded.  This prevents the HAProxy containers from getting clogged with HAProxy instances with connections that never close.
* **neon-proxy-manager** changed the name of the file identifying the certificates within the [haproxy.zip] configuration in Consul from `.certs` to `certs.list to make debugging easier.  The **neon-proxy** image has also been updated.  You may experience brief load balancer issues during the hive upgrade but things should recover quickly.

* The HiveMQ AMQP load balancer rule was incorrectly created as an **HTTP** rather than a **TCP** proxy in past versions.  This will be deleted and recreated as TCP during hive update.
* The **neon/global/log-rentention-days** hive variable was misspelled.  A new variable correctly named `log-rentention-days` will be created using the old value and the misspelled variable will be retained for backwards compatibility.
* Simplified some services by using the new `AsyncPeriodicTask` class: **neon-dns**, **neon-dns-mon**, and **neon-hive-manager**.
* All .NET services now terminate themselves gracefully due to changes to `Program.Exit()`.
