# Release: 18.9.3-alpha

## Components

* **neon-cli:** `18.9.3-alpha`
* **neon lib:** `18.9.3-alpha`

## Overview

This is yet another **BREAKING** release.  All hives will need to be redeployed.

Here are the changes I didn't think were worth implementing upgrades for:

* Elasticsearch containers and startup scripts are now named just **neon-log-esdata**, not **neon-log-esdata-#**.  I removed the instance ID from these to make hive updating easier.
* Service and container scripts uploaded to `/lib/neon/scripts` now include a section at the top that will make it easier for hive update to edit these files to change the image.  Container scripts also pull the image to the node before starting the container.

## Upgrade

1. Run this command to upgrade existing hives: `neon hive update`

## Changes

### Library Changes

* **BREAKING:** **Neon.Common:** `NetHelper.GetReachableHost()` now returns a `ReachableHost` instance rather than the hostname as a string.  This includes more information like the target IP address, round-trip time, and an indication of whether the host was actually reachable.

* **Neon.Common:** Added `NetHelper.GetReachableHosts()` that pings a set of hosts and returns `ReachableHost` instances for all hosts that answer.
* **Neon.Common:** Added the `IEnumerable<T>.IsEmpty<T>()` extension method.  This is logically equivalent to `items.Count() == 0` but will be more efficient because it doesn't have to count all of the items.
* **Neon.Xunit:** Relocated the `TestHelper` class from unit tests to `Neon.Xunit` and added methods to verify `IEnumerable` and `IDictionary` equivalence.

### Hive Changes

* **BREAKING:** [#346 Modify service/container start scripts to support easy updating](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/346)

* [#326 Virtual machine creation seems really slow during hive deploy](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/326): Added the `XenServerOptions.Snapshot` property to enable fast snapshots when possible.  This is still disabled by default since that is likely not appropriate for production hives.
* [#337 HiveMQ bootstrap settings](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/337): Hive setup now persists the bootstrap settings as a Consul hive global.
* [#339 Docker services restarting under load](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/339): Updated `/etc/security/limits.conf` and added `/etc/systemd/user.conf.d/50-neon.conf`.
* [#344 neon-registry-cache containers are restarting](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/344): Fixed entry point script problems.
* [#345 Cleanup: Update images to exec tini via /sbin/tini to avoid Alpine deprecation warnings](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/345)
* [#348 Containers running as bridges on pets are recycling](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/348)
* [#349 [neon-proxy-manager] (bridge) is generating a new HAProxy config every 5 minutes](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/349): Sorting the the target swarm nodes by the hash of the node names to choose better and more stable proxy bridge backend servers.

* Added the `neon load-balancer private haproxy-bridge` command that outputs the HAProxy config for the proxy bridges running on the pet nodes.
