# Components

* **neon-cli:** `18.9.0-preview.0`
* **neon lib:** `18.9.0-preview.0`

**NOTE:** I had to remove the leading "0" in the subversion (from "18.09" to "18.9") because [dotnet pack] removes this when generating the NuGet packages.

## Upgrade

1. Install **.NET Core SDK 2.1.401 (x64 installer)** from [here](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download/dotnet-core/2.1) and then do a solution clean and rebuild.
2. Run `neon hive prepare --remove-templates` to purge the cached Hyper-V node template so the new one will be downloaded for the next hive deploy.
3. Manually remove the `neon-ubuntu-16.04-template` template from your XenServer host machines.

## Changes

* Neon NuGet package versioning now matches the neonHive scheme.  This was going to be too confusing.
* Byte counts in hive definitions now support the **TB** (terabyte) unit suffix.
* XenServer/XCP hive deployements now recognize both the primary and secondary storage repositories properly.
* BREAKING: Renamed XenClient.MachineOperations.Install() to Create().
* BREAKING: Upgraded all neon apps and services to .NET Core 2.1
* Docker images are now fully branch independent [#269](https://github.com/jefflill/NeonForge/issues/269)
* BREAKING: Hive host script [/etc/neon/env-host] renamed to [/etc/neon/host-env]
* Fixed several bugs.
* Hives now deploy with RabbitMQ built-in (called HiveMQ).
* BREAKING: Couchbase `Entity.Type` property renamed to `Entity.__EntityType` to avoid conflicts with other data source.
* Rebuilt the Hyper-V and XenServer node templates from the Ubuntu-16.04.5 release and the Hyper-V templates now use 1MB VHDX blocks (instead of 32MB).
* The `HiveHelper` class can now obtain Docker secret values using the new `neon-secret-retriever` service.
* Renamed the `Entity.Type` property to `Entity.__EntityType` to help avoid conflicts with external data sources.  The serialized name is also `__EntityType`.
